---
title: Janine Olivia - Live at Soupçon Salon
performer: Janine Olivia
abstract: >-
  Janine Olivia is an indie-pop singer/songwriter from Flemington, New Jersey.
  With her voice, keyboard, and imaginative lyricism, she is capable of crafting
  thought-provoking compositions that are as cathartic as they are catchy.


  It's Sue's birthday this night, and it's going to be a party.
image: /uploads/janine-olivia.png
author: Shaun Ellis
date: 2021-05-31T23:00:00.000Z
---
Janine Olivia is an indie-pop singer/songwriter from Flemington, New Jersey. With her voice, keyboard, and imaginative lyricism, she is capable of crafting thought-provoking compositions that are as cathartic as they are catchy. Flirting among influences such as Dua Lipa and Imogen Heap and Grimes, Olivia's tracks are infectious dance floor anthems. She is a queen among queens and ready to cover us all with her sparkles and silk.

It's also Sue's birthday. If it wasn't clear from the booking of Janine Olivia... it's a party!

Please note, this private party will be an indoor event, and is within the CDC guidelines for gatherings of under 50 people. We  recommend any attendees who are not vaccinated wear a mask, but we will not be enforcing this. 

*Doors open at 7pm • Performance starts at 8pm • RSVP to shaun@sdellis.com • Tips appreciated*

- - -

# Prix Fixe Menu - $25

by [Baked by the River](https://bakedbytheriver.com/)<br/>
*Note: All menu items are vegetarian and can be prepared GF and vegan.*

*First Course*<br/>
**Asparagus and Red Pepper Salad with Feta Cheese and CBN Basil Pistachio Gremolata Dressing**<br/>
2.5mg CBN per serving (Strain: Sundae Driver CBN Hemp from Exclusive Hemp Farms)

*Entrée*<br/>
**CBD Artichoke Burger with Pickled Red Onion and Vegan Mayo**<br/>
5mg CBD (Strain: Cherry Abacus CBD from Grow Works NJ)

*Dessert (optional gift from the chef)*<br/>
**Brown Butter Vanilla Cupcakes with Strawberry Rhubarb Ginger Lime Filling**<br/>
<br/>

- - -

Limited seating. Please RSVP to shaun@sdellis.com.

## Location

Soupçon Salon<br/>
19 North Union St.<br/>
Lambertville, NJ