---
title: PYRENESIA - Live at Soupçon Salon
image: https://www.pyrenesia.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/cropped-Pyr-new-header-1.jpg
abstract: |-
  Blending vintage jazz with gypsy, klezmer, and folk influences, PYRENESIA crafts music that is hauntingly beautiful and infectiously joyous into a foot-stomping, spirit-lifting experience.
author: Shaun Ellis
date: 2021-05-17T17:43:37.669Z
performer: PYRENESIA
---
[PYRENESIA](https://pyrenesia.bandcamp.com/) (peer-uh-nee-juh) is a trio of the Delaware Valley's most skilled musicians. There are few acts that pair so perfectly with Soupçon Salon's eclectic French decor. Violinist, Daniella Fischetti soars through the tunes like a trapeze artist, trading off death-defying feats with accordion tickler, Tony Kovatch. Daniel Manchester supports this cirque tent with a constantly moving upright bass, leaving the audience with dancing feet and gaping mouths. PYRENESIA will sweep you up in their caravan and take you through a beautiful dream you will not want to wake from.

*Doors open at 7pm • Performance starts at 8pm • No cover • Tips appreciated*

---

# Prix Fixe Menu - $25
by [Baked by the River](https://bakedbytheriver.com/)<br/>
*Note: All menu items can be prepared vegan.*

*Starter*<br/>
**Fava Bean and Radish Salad with Shaved Fennel and Vegan Parmesan**<br/>
Optional 2.5mg Delta-8 THC (Strain: Girl Scout Cookies Delta-8 Flower from North of Normal)

*Entrée*<br/>
**Asparagus and Rhubarb Linguine with Walnuts and Goat Cheese**<br/>
5mg CBD (Strain: Cherry Abacus CBD from Grow Works NJ)

*Dessert (optional gift from the chef)*<br/>
**Vegan Strawberry Pot Brownies topped with Fresh Whipped Cream**<br/>
2.5mg THC (Strain: Purple Kush from New York)<br/>

---
Limited seating. Please RSVP to shaun@sdellis.com.

## Location
Soupçon Salon<br/>
19 North Union St.<br/>
Lambertville, NJ
